docs: update copyright, maintainers, and code standards for boilerplate (#3315)
kanisterio/kanister: CONTRIBUTING.md

The [golangci-lint](https://golangci-lint.run/) tool is used to enforce many
styling and safety rules.

> When creating or updating code, insure the copyright year and author header is up to date
> by statically copying the [boilerplace header](/build/boilerplate.go.txt) at the top or
> by inclusion for dynamic source code files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When creating or updating code, ensure the copyright year and author header are up to date
by statically copying the [boilerplace header](/build/boilerplate.go.txt) at the top or
by including it for dynamic source code files.
```
[nit]
